
Is easy to think when world war about large wars of massive economies, but instead, it seemed to take place as smaller wars as empires tried to subjugate smaller countries, and they in return waged smarter smaller wars, innovated wars to take longer to wage with inconclusive victors. 

Reasons for waging war are described as campaigns of conquest or annexation, campaigns for the suppression of insurrections or lawlessness, or for the settlement of conquered or annexed territory. Additionally, campaigns are undertaken to wipe out an insult, to avenge a wrong, or to overthrow a dangerous enemy. Imperial Spaces that raged around the world from the mid-19th Century to the early 20th Century seem to be mostly connected as attempts to establish dominance, rule over, destroy resistance, and annex territories.

As imperialism grew during the decades around the turn of the 20th century, so did the need for resistance against the invaders. Resistance became global and appeared to manifest more in the form of "small wars." The resistance to imperialism became global as weapons and technology were shared over the decades. I would argue that the rise of imperialism was given impetus by mass production and the industrial revolution, which brought technological advantages that gave many European countries an edge over countries and cultures that lacked such technology. European countries, seeking to expand their income, had incentives to conquer these countries, taking advantage of their industrialized economies. Their armies were powered by medical, technological, and logistical advances, often leading defending non-imperial factions to develop guerrilla-style combat tactics.

The distinction between "Status Quo" and "Revisionist nations" was that revisionist nations sought to change international politics, while status quo nations strove to preserve the existing order. In the 1920s-1930s, nations content with their territories tried to maintain their advantageous status quo. While Revisionist nations continuedly attempted to expand either because of their aspirations or greed. Interesting to note how European technology served as a double edge sword as the Japanese were able to industrialize their economies in an attempt to keep their status quo and then became revisionist and were able to fight off European nations.

Relative to other imperial projects, Japan and Nazi-controlled populations actively sought war against European nations, classifying them as revisionist nations according to the definitions of status quo and revisionist. The imperial powers had generally avoided fighting each other, for example, to divide Africa without sparking war between themselves. Japan, for instance, attempted and fought against French, Dutch, and Portuguese colonies in the conquest of Southeast Asia, while Germany invaded parts of Belgium, the Netherlands, and France.
