The Conflict I am focusing on this report is more abstract: Society's pessimism for the future, and the difficulty at the seemingly impossible task of fighting Climate Change.

In todays world many of the current economic situations seems to be blamed against short sight policies from the 1980s and early 2000s that seemed to borrow against their children's future. Economics Explained, [^1]  explains how in a democratic society, Baby Boomers Generation, being the largest generation, were the main benefactors of short term political policies, (since it makes sense for a politician to target the largest group at their campaigns) therefore taking also policies that largely benefitted Baby Boomers, Low cost for free higher educations, Domestic Industry protections, and other Strong social welfare policies implemented in favor of the Baby Boomers generation's Primes Period payed borrowing futures welfare and then now, as the Baby Boomers generations grow old welfare programs are being voted against and shuttled down by baby boomers. Some also excuse short term policies as the threat of nuclear war seemed to placed on people's heads. [^2] . Therefore, spending and implementing policies with the sentiment of "Why save, when we don't even know if there is a future" leading to the catastrophic policies that seems results in todays depressing living state and ecological crisis. 

The prisoner's dilemma describes a scenario how two rational actors tend to defect, leading to worse outcomes than if they had cooperated as the economic factors encourage to logically choose to defect, as they don't control over others actions. For companies, as they perform their duties of maximizing shareholder profits,  it translates to firms opting to pollute (or politely outsource pollution to third world countries)  because of the fear of not keeping up, if other business decides to take those routes. The system being capitalism, which economic factors similar to the prisoners' dilemma tacitly encourage such behavior. For example, researchers finds out that even if states create emission guidelines and laws to enforce environmental controls, companies seems to find ways to hoop over the laws by outsourcing the carbon emission jobs to developing countries [^4] .

Cyberpunk, is a common trope in science fiction that depicts a future where society's possesses highly advanced technology. However such tech monopolized by the elite to increase social disparity, while the poor are trapped in a society with no meaning of survival aside of commiting crimes or competing for inhumane jobs at slavery-like wages. This popular trope can be seen in movies such as  Elysium, Blade runner, Blade runner (1982), Ready Player One (2018) or games such as Cyberpunk 2077, Detroit: Become Human, it's argued so much, that at this point, the possibility of an dystopian capitalist future, seems nothing to be surprised. As Technology advances, Jobs automated [^3], Ecology destroyed, with no law nor movement seemingly working we can see how young people seem to grow worried, about their future challenges and also their despair (I have argued in more detail regarding this at my previous essay: April 29-May 3: The third industrial revolution: the internet age, that I have attached for reference). Similar to the nuclear threat, that excused Boomer's Generations Short sighted policies, the Cyberpunk illustration of a dystopian society, grows in peoples judgements. Why, even attempt to change ecological policies, as  corporate takes more power over governments, and bend governments policies to maximize their profits. 

Solarpunk, is a genre of speculative fiction that envisions a future where humanity has embraced renewable energy sources, sustainable living practices, and ecological balance. It contrasts with more pessimistic and more popular visions of Cyberpunk. The Penultimate Conquest argues at his video: How Solarpunk Fiction Envisions a Better Tomorrow[^5] how keeping visions of this, is important to inspire new generations to envision and lead society to a more sustainable tomorrow. Where as a society, we are no longer "temporary ashamed millionaires" enslaved by greed and the need for maximizing profits. 





[^1]:Young Generations Are Now Poorer Than Their Parents And It's Changing Our Economies: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PkJlTKUaF3Q&ab_channel=EconomicsExplained
[^2]: OK, Boomer: “You’re Too Old to Understand: https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/the-couch/201911/ok-boomer-you-re-too-old-understand
[^3]: Humans Need Not Apply: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Pq-S557XQU&ab_channel=CGPGrey
[^4]: Carnegie Institution - Carbon emissions 'outsourced' to developing countries https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2010/03/100308151041.htm
[^5]: How Solarpunk Fiction Envisions a Better Tomorrow: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fxbDhoYlh8&ab_channel=OurChangingClimate


